README.md, before:

# [included-with-xbox-game-pass](https://included-with-xbox-game-pass.gabin.app)

Browser extension bringing the Xbox Game Pass to Steam.

- [Add to Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/included-with-xbox-game-p/acohddgjcjfelbhaodiebiabljoadldk)
- [Add to Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/included-with-xbox-game-pass/)

## Installation

Here's how you can get a copy of this project running on your machine:

1. Clone this repository
2. Run `yarn` in its directory

## Contributing

All contributions are welcome!
The issues are usually a good place to find something to contribute to.
Feel free to suggest your ideas, though.

### How it works

This repository contains the source of the browser extension along with a few other things.
Here is an introduction to each of the packages:

- `packages/extension`: code for the browser extension.
- `packages/scripts`: contains scripts that are usually run through GitHub actions.
- `packages/types`: contains types that are shared across the packages.
- `packages/website`: contains the source of the website.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update scrapping script (#181)
* Update scrap script

* Update yarn.lock

* Add missing aliases and steam ids

* Add some missing packages

* Fix some aliases

* Git ignore legacy list

* Update games list

README.md, after:

# [included-with-xbox-game-pass](https://included-with-xbox-game-pass.gabin.app)

Browser extension bringing the Xbox Game Pass to Steam.

- [Add to Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/included-with-xbox-game-p/acohddgjcjfelbhaodiebiabljoadldk)
- [Add to Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/included-with-xbox-game-pass/)

## Installation

Here's how you can get a copy of this project running on your machine:

1. Clone this repository
2. Run `yarn` in its directory

## Contributing

All contributions are welcome!
The issues are usually a good place to find something to contribute to.
Feel free to suggest your ideas, though.

### How it works

This repository contains the source of the browser extension along with a few other things.
Here is an introduction to each of the packages:

- `packages/extension`: code for the browser extension.
- `packages/scrapper`: code that runs daily to update the list of games.
- `packages/types`: contains types that are shared across the packages.
- `packages/website`: contains the source of the website.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)
